add documentation for package (#2)
fewlines-education/readline: README.md

# Fewlines Readline

This package uses the [NodeJs Readline](https://nodejs.org/api/readline.html) and wrap it in a custom package in order to simplify its use and testing with jest mocks in Typescript.

## Usage

`fwl-readline` is not yet available on npm.
To install it, add this in your `package.json` file:

### Installation

```json
"dependencies": {
  "fwl-readline": "fewlines-education/fwl-readline#master"
}
```

### Import
```js
// example.js
import * as readline from "fwl-readline";

```

### Create a reader

We decided to simplify the initial API of the readline package. For this reason, we only export the `createInterface` function.

> This functions takes an `object` parameter with to keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function takes an `object` parameter with two keys:
```
?

- `input`: generally the `process.stdin`
- `output`: generally the `process.stdout`

```js
export const rl = readline.createInterface({
  input: process.stdin,
  output: process.stdout,
});
```

### Type

In the example above, the created `rl` will have the `Reader` type:

```ts
interface Reader {
  question: (query: string, callback: (answer: string) => void) => void;
  close: () => void;
}
```

> ### Use the created reader

Reviewer 2: ⛏️ `### Usage`

Author: I already have the `## Usage` in fact.
But in the `##` we need to show how to `### Use the created reader` 😇

Reviewer 2: Woops my bad 🙇.

```js
rl.question("Enter something\n> ", (input) => {
  console.log(`User input: "${input}"`);
  rl.close();
});
```

This example will output:
```bash
Enter something
> something
User input: "something"
```

### Mock with jest

```js
jest.mock("fwl-readline", () => {
  return {
    createInterface: () => {
      return {
        question: () => {},
        close: () => {},
      };
    },
  };
});

import functionThatUseFwlRealine from "wherever-you-want"

> 

Reviewer: I feel like this part's explanation is a bit light for mocks but it would take a lot to properly re-explain function mocking with jest..

Author: In fact, i decided to not further explain it because it is highly dependant of what you want to test:
- a complete interface using readline?
- functions using readline?

If we want to have some examples we could still discuss it in team and even if someone asks for more details, I will answer point by point.
